[WIP] Add New Features: Company Branding, Search Docs (#394)
BlockSigner/cove: site/content/english/features-business.md

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/direct-sign.svg"
    headline="Direct sign"
    description="External people do not need to have a Skribble account to sign your documents.">}}
    
  {{< features-item src="features-biz/company-branding.svg"
    headline="Company Branding"

>     description="Replace Skribbles logo on the signing platform with your company logo.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
    description="Replace Skribble's logo on the signing platform with your company logo.">}}
```

    
  {{< features-item src="features-biz/company-branding.svg"
    headline="Company Branding"

>     description="Replace Skribble's logo on the signing platform with your company logo.">}}

Author: ```suggestion
    description="Personalise the signing platform by replacing Skribble's logo with your company logo.">}}
```
